1. Briefly state how much of the project you completed, e.g. which of the sub tasks work.
    -> As of right now, the additive identity and multiplicative identity functions are implemented and work. I did not end up implementing the other functions but may return to implement for practice/fun.
2. Briefly discuss one thing you learned by completing this assignment that you believe will be valuable to you in your future courses / programming experiences.
    -> This was the most complex programming assignment I worked on this quarter. There were a lot of moving bits and pieces with needing to access different files, the test cases and unittest, as well as the concept itself that I had to properly visualize and emulate. Debugging/testing is my favorite part about programming so learning how to use a written unittest to test my code was very valuable to me. I usually just use the debugger extension on vscode but the unittest seems more practical and universal. I also had to learn more python tricks and tips to implement some of the functionalities. 
3. Briefly discuss either one aspect of this assignment you did not enjoy or one particular difficult bug you encountered.
    -> Previous README details how I had my longest issue so far with mult. id. when there were a variety of operators and also simplify_binops as a result. Multiplicative identity now works with complex expression! I also added a loop for simplify_binops so that it'll keep going as long as valid changes can be made. In addition, I was going crazy cause the test case was failing for simplify but it turns out the inputs & outputs had a typo in it :/ Live and learn! 

